now it came to pass after these things
now it came to pass after these things but Joseph was told indeed your father
but Joseph was told indeed your father
but Joseph was told indeed your father is sick and he took with him his two
is sick and he took with him his two
is sick and he took with him his two sons Manasseh and Ephraim and Jacob was
sons Manasseh and Ephraim and Jacob was
sons Manasseh and Ephraim and Jacob was told look your son Joseph is coming to
told look your son Joseph is coming to
told look your son Joseph is coming to you and Israel strengthened himself and
you and Israel strengthened himself and
you and Israel strengthened himself and sat up on the bed then Jacob said to
sat up on the bed then Jacob said to
sat up on the bed then Jacob said to Joseph god almighty appeared to me at
Joseph god almighty appeared to me at
Joseph god almighty appeared to me at laws in the land of Canaan and blessed
laws in the land of Canaan and blessed
laws in the land of Canaan and blessed me and said to me behold I will make you
me and said to me behold I will make you
me and said to me behold I will make you fruitful and multiply you and I will
fruitful and multiply you and I will
fruitful and multiply you and I will make of you a multitude of people and
make of you a multitude of people and
make of you a multitude of people and give this land to your descendants after
give this land to your descendants after
give this land to your descendants after you as an everlasting possession and now
you as an everlasting possession and now
you as an everlasting possession and now your two sons Ephraim and Manasseh who
your two sons Ephraim and Manasseh who
your two sons Ephraim and Manasseh who were born to you in the land of Egypt
were born to you in the land of Egypt
were born to you in the land of Egypt before I came to you in Egypt are mine
before I came to you in Egypt are mine
before I came to you in Egypt are mine as Reuben and Simeon they shall be mine
as Reuben and Simeon they shall be mine
as Reuben and Simeon they shall be mine your offspring whom you beget after them
your offspring whom you beget after them
your offspring whom you beget after them shall be yours they will be called by
shall be yours they will be called by
shall be yours they will be called by the name of their brothers and their
the name of their brothers and their
the name of their brothers and their inheritance but as for me when I came
inheritance but as for me when I came
inheritance but as for me when I came from Paden Rachel died beside me in the
from Paden Rachel died beside me in the
from Paden Rachel died beside me in the land of Canaan on the way when there was
land of Canaan on the way when there was
land of Canaan on the way when there was but a little distance to go to II froth
but a little distance to go to II froth
but a little distance to go to II froth and I buried her there on the way to II
and I buried her there on the way to II
and I buried her there on the way to II fret that is Bethlehem and Israel saw
fret that is Bethlehem and Israel saw
fret that is Bethlehem and Israel saw Joseph's sons who are these they are my
Joseph's sons who are these they are my
Joseph's sons who are these they are my sons whom God has given me in this place
sons whom God has given me in this place
sons whom God has given me in this place please bring them to me and I will bless
please bring them to me and I will bless
please bring them to me and I will bless them
now the eyes of Israel but dim with age
now the eyes of Israel but dim with age so that he could not see and Joseph
so that he could not see and Joseph
so that he could not see and Joseph brought them near him and he kissed them
brought them near him and he kissed them
brought them near him and he kissed them and embraced them and Israel said to
and embraced them and Israel said to
and embraced them and Israel said to Joseph I had not thought to see your
Joseph I had not thought to see your
Joseph I had not thought to see your face but in fact God has also shown me
face but in fact God has also shown me
face but in fact God has also shown me your offspring so Joseph brought them
your offspring so Joseph brought them
your offspring so Joseph brought them from beside his knees and he bowed down
from beside his knees and he bowed down
from beside his knees and he bowed down with his face to the earth and Joseph
with his face to the earth and Joseph
with his face to the earth and Joseph took them both he frightened with his
took them both he frightened with his
took them both he frightened with his right hand toward Israel's left hand and
right hand toward Israel's left hand and
right hand toward Israel's left hand and Manasseh with his left hand toward
Manasseh with his left hand toward
Manasseh with his left hand toward Israel's right hand and brought them
Israel's right hand and brought them
Israel's right hand and brought them near him then Israel stretched out his
near him then Israel stretched out his
near him then Israel stretched out his right hand and laid it on efrain's head
right hand and laid it on efrain's head
right hand and laid it on efrain's head who was the younger and his left hand a
who was the younger and his left hand a
who was the younger and his left hand a Manassas head guiding his hands
Manassas head guiding his hands
Manassas head guiding his hands knowingly for Manasseh was the firstborn
knowingly for Manasseh was the firstborn
knowingly for Manasseh was the firstborn and he blessed Joseph God before whom my
and he blessed Joseph God before whom my
and he blessed Joseph God before whom my father's Abraham and Isaac walked the
father's Abraham and Isaac walked the
father's Abraham and Isaac walked the God who has fed me all my life long to
God who has fed me all my life long to
God who has fed me all my life long to this day the angel who has redeemed me
this day the angel who has redeemed me
this day the angel who has redeemed me from all evil blessed the lads let my
from all evil blessed the lads let my
from all evil blessed the lads let my name be named upon them in the name of
name be named upon them in the name of
name be named upon them in the name of my father's Abraham and Isaac and let
my father's Abraham and Isaac and let
my father's Abraham and Isaac and let them grow into a multitude in the midst
them grow into a multitude in the midst
them grow into a multitude in the midst of the earth now when Joseph saw that
of the earth now when Joseph saw that
of the earth now when Joseph saw that his father laid his right hand on the
his father laid his right hand on the
his father laid his right hand on the head of Ephraim it displeased him so he
head of Ephraim it displeased him so he
head of Ephraim it displeased him so he took hold of his father's hand to remove
took hold of his father's hand to remove
took hold of his father's hand to remove it from Ephraim's head to Manasses head
it from Ephraim's head to Manasses head
it from Ephraim's head to Manasses head and Joseph said to his father not so my
and Joseph said to his father not so my
and Joseph said to his father not so my father for this one is the firstborn put
father for this one is the firstborn put
father for this one is the firstborn put your right hand on his head but his
your right hand on his head but his
your right hand on his head but his father refused I know my son I know he
father refused I know my son I know he
father refused I know my son I know he also shall become a people and he also
also shall become a people and he also
also shall become a people and he also shall be great but truly his younger
shall be great but truly his younger
shall be great but truly his younger brother shall be greater than he and his
brother shall be greater than he and his
brother shall be greater than he and his descendants shall become a multitude of
descendants shall become a multitude of
descendants shall become a multitude of Nations so he blessed them that day by
Nations so he blessed them that day by
Nations so he blessed them that day by you Israel will bless saying may God
you Israel will bless saying may God
you Israel will bless saying may God make you as ephraim and as Manasseh and
make you as ephraim and as Manasseh and
make you as ephraim and as Manasseh and thus he said if Ryan before Manasseh
thus he said if Ryan before Manasseh
thus he said if Ryan before Manasseh then Israel said to Joseph behold I am
then Israel said to Joseph behold I am
then Israel said to Joseph behold I am dying but God will be with you and bring
dying but God will be with you and bring
dying but God will be with you and bring you back to the land of your father's
you back to the land of your father's
you back to the land of your father's moreover I have given to you one portion
moreover I have given to you one portion
moreover I have given to you one portion above your brothers which I took from
above your brothers which I took from
above your brothers which I took from the hand of the amorite with my sword
the hand of the amorite with my sword
the hand of the amorite with my sword and my bow
and my bow
and my bow [Music]